25/10/2016
Code 3D Movement

I need to learn this as it is a key component to almost every game so it is essential I learn this.
I currently know how to code 2D movement using the Keycode.(Key) line,
I wish to learn how to use the input manager in order to give more option to the player. 

How
Research what code I need to use,
Learn the coding terms,
Implement & test,
Submit Pull Request.

30/10/2016
Operating a First Person Camera with a Mouse
I want to learn how to do this as I want to understand how the camera works and how to control things with the mouse as this will
teach me how to reference it as a control.
I currently know how to use the input manager so i will use this as a starting point.

How
Research into the input manager and identify the correct references,
Learn the coding terms and understand what they do,
Write the code and test it,
Set the parameters for FOV and skybox
Submit the pull request.

10/11/2016
Resizing an object to give the illusion of crouching
I want to learn this as it will help me understand the resizing of objects and it will allow me to make first person games easily.
I currently know how to reference size so I will need to learn how to code it as an If statement and how to change it back without using a key. 

How
Research how to reference and change the objects size,
Learn the coding terms,
Write and test it,
Set the size changes to the original and half of the original,
Submit the pull request.

18/11/2016
Activating UI on collision with an object then deactivating after a certain amount of time
This will allow me to learn about collisions and how UI works letting me create a much more polished product and improving my knowledge of
unity and the assets I have at hand.
I currently have no knowledge in this area.

How
Research how UI works,
Learn about UI components,
Learn the coding terms,
Write and test the code,
Submit the pull request.

22/11/2016
Creating a damage component
Learning this will allow me to create an element of challenge in my games, a core component to many.
I understand how to create a count which is where I shall star with this component. 

How
Research the different ways to cause damage,
Learn the terms,
Write and test the code,
Write the health script,
Write and test,
Submit pull request.

25/11/2016
Detecting Triggers
I have previously used this component but feel I need to brush up my knowledge on how this works.
I understand how this component works but i need to relearn the terminology.

How
Research the "OnTriggerEnter" code I have previously written,
Re-learn the terminology,
Write and test the code,
Implement it into my scene.

1/12/2016
Rigidbody Instantiation and Destroying objects.
this will make the game feel more real as it will have physics attached to the object.
I currently have no knowledge on rigidbodys.

How
Research the Rigidbody component,
Research the coding terminology,
Write and test the code,
Implement it into my scene.

